Updates for strict account linking (#5107)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/main/index.md

In the URL, replace `{yourOktaDomain}` with your org's base URL, and then replace the following values:

> * `client_id`: Use the `client_id` value that you obtained from the OpenID Connect client app in the previous section. This isn't the `client_id` from the Identity Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `client_id`: Use the `client_id` value that you obtained from the OpenID Connect client app in the previous section. This isn't the `client_id` from the IdP.
```

```

> After the user clicks the link, they're prompted to sign in with the Identity Provider. After the user successfully signs in, the user is returned to the specified `redirect_uri` along with an ID token in JWT format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the user clicks the link, they're prompted to sign in with the IdP. After the user successfully signs in, the user is returned to the specified `redirect_uri` along with an ID token in JWT format.
```
